I'm standing here with Chuck Zito uh he
just punched me - no that's why I'm
bleeding a little bit but uh Chuck
you're looking young every time I see
it's unbelievable I'm not saying this
just because I'm trying to get buddy you
up but you do look great Thank You Man
thank you got all you have a few more
pounds so uh no definitely one on my
hair
unbelievable bro my grandma family 98
years old he had his full head of hair
my father 78 full head of hair so I'm
like my hair's not going away last time
we spoke you were supposed to do a
little MMA fighting
what would happen with that money well I
tried to do that when I was like in my
50s now I'm 59 I'll buy you 59 March
first two days ago congratulations thank
you and maybe when I'm 60 maybe they'll
let me do it I don't know so what I want
to try and tell me I was too old but I
want to fight a guy at my age so who
knows but one day I'll happen
you never know today's young we'll see
what happens here yeah that's true he
might that's right Randy Couture's yeah
maybe we could arrange that yeah I think
he's the greatest MMA fighter ever right
I mean he's battled everyone he's done
it all man and what - look at look at
him he's off 44 I think he still looks
phenomena because he'll trade you stay -
you have any intentions of fighting all
right think he still fights he actually
retired but I of course you still trains
look at him he's phenomenal I just did
Expendables - that's right but Stallone
and him and everybody saw he's following
your footsteps it's all my yeah now you
looked at the jackets when you came in
and yeah look very familiar that's
pretty wild man especially the red on
the white that's get your colors that
you all used to be used to bit yeah now
you made a good point you know I said I
copied this from from Sons of Anarchy
and you said they copied you guys how
did they copy these guys me I'm the one
and only guy who coined the phrase
frontline nine and they were snotty wet
first night like you have first five
right I copied them but I actually
copper you five knuckles that's right I
got hit with the first five knuckles
what what what happened how come they
didn't ever bring you on as a consultant
on that show I figured you'd be the
perfect guy they actually have two Hells
Angels from Oakland a consultant on a
show Lee and DL it was our David lebra
vu so but I had a big
and when it first came out I had a
lawsuit against them because I went in
in 2004 gave them my life my script my
everything and you did I didn't yeah and
then they said it passed they don't want
to do a motorcycle series and then the
next thing you knew they were working on
a motorcycle series but I was suing him
for the last two years I lost summary
judgment and then I appealed it and then
Kurt Sutter who is the creator writer
producer a star showrunner isn't here
the husband of the katey sagal right yes
yes and look a lot usually I'm a big fan
of hers I'm sure awesome of that show
she's amazing because as a girl came
from are married with children you know
can you believe that - the the crazy
biker girl and she does look the part
she does she fits a well so she's an
amazing actress I like her and me Kurt
set up buried eeeh buried the hatchet
and we put everything behind us and I
decided to drop the lawsuit and now I'm
working on the fifth season of a Sons of
Anarchy are you gonna be on I'm gonna be
on it man you're gonna start it - yeah
oh that's what they got the right guy
basically he'll saying goes if you can't
beat them join them so I might as well
join them but you should have been on it
from the very beginning you're authentic
and you're an actor thank you very much
I said that this is the show I mean
you've watched it obviously force is it
very accurate according to the way biker
gangs were oh look they have a couple
Hells Angels who consultants on a lot of
it's accurate they do a great job the
whole cast is I think phenomenal I can't
wait to work with uh Kurt Sutter and the
rest of the cast but uh we're gonna make
it more authentic that's I think that's
what we were on it so and they gonna let
me be me wear my boots and wear my
everything to stop you from being you
you're always you and everything part
you play on me man but I'm looking
forward to doing the f50s in fact they
just signed three more seasons they did
I'm happy to hear they around for a
while so I'm looking forward to working
or starting on May and but of course it
goes on FX in a September
and just looking forward to kicking butt
on it
congratulations Chuck thank you very
much always good to see you thank you
very much likewise shock lido I like the
colors do it you do you're right you're
endorsing random white doe watts very
very uh I'm paying homage to you it's
not even very close it's the same
exactly letters the bone letters
everything the pain harvest year I won't
wear these out I only wear them to
bodybuilders I can say is you're lucky
I'm not in the club no more now it's now
the Bloods running down my face a little
more recognize me pleasure thank you for
having me thank you
you